so Murder on the Orient Express is a
movie that was made because they know
you ain't gonna read the book and young
people nowadays don't watch movies from
the 70s cuz they're too old even though
this one takes place in the 30s they had
a really cool cast for it like Rea
Catwoman the Green Goblin
Estevan Julio Ricardo de la Rosa Ramirez
and even scored one of the most
prestigious bands known for their
integrity so the movie starts off as a
joke like literally there's a rabbi a
priest and a Imam who are trying to
figure out who stole the Ark of the
Covenant or something and of course
Sherlock Holmes cousin comes in and
saves the day outing out the police dude
who was the one who called him in the
first place
idiot now Eric Yule is probably the
greatest detective in the world since he
says and I'm probably the greatest
detective in the world but there's one
mystery we can't figure out his style
because you see this is what he looks
like in the 70s and for whatever reason
they added extensions to his moustache
leaving him looking like the final
hipster boss he got a defeat he's not
only acting worse than Johnny Depp and
tusk the man looks like tusk this man
acts so cartoonish that when he steps on
poop he has to put his other foot in the
poop just to balance things out in other
words you'll be questioning who was
directing him to and then you realize he
uh directed the movie on his own once we
get on the train we see Johnny Depp get
one of those letters that Jim Carrey's
Riddler made to blackmail people which
obviously scares the death baddha Johnny
and he goes to the greatest detective in
the world he begs him to be his
bodyguard but air-cool says no since
everyone knows that ratchets yes his
name is ratchet is an art thief a
murderer and worst of all an American an
avalanche happens at night the train
gets derailed and they all awaken to a
Murder on the Orient Express Johnny
Depp's been stabbed 12 times so it
becomes air kills job which he didn't
want to take to interrogate the 12
possible suspects and they all did it
spoilers you're watching an explained
video they're all the killers you see
before he got himself some Superstars
and became ratchet he was the mobster
John Cassetti who kidnapped a little
girl for ransom received the ransom but
then left her lifeless body in the woods
to be found
this caused the little girl's family
Armstrong family to fall apart the
mother out of brief dies after giving
premature birth to a stillborn the
father being a war veteran commits
suicide due to his depression and since
they could never find Cassetti the
police soon blamed the maid who
eventually hangs herself in jail only to
be proven innocent after her death that
leads us to the 12:00 on the train and
the answer to who the murderer is which
only Hercule can find considering he's
the greatest detective in the world the
twist is that they're all connected to
the Armstrong family and were all
affected by their deaths and just want
justice from Cassetti or aka rachet we
have Alfred over here who served with
mr. Armstrong during the war and
eventually became their Butler Aaron
Burr sir was mr. Armstrong right-hand
man Daisy Ridley was the family tutor
the chick from Cinque Street who gets
like two and a half lines with her crazy
boyfriend in this movie was mrs.
Armstrong's sister Dame Judi was her
godmother
Doris Thatcher was a cook my uncle was
the valet Penelope Cruz was their nurse
Olaf's dad was the DA who wrongly
accused the maid and it ruined his
career
Estevan was the maids brother and the
foe was a cop who eventually fell in
love with the maid before she died all
of this was planned by Michelle
Pfeiffer's character who is not only an
acclaimed actress back in her day
but the grandma of the little girl the
mother of mrs. Armstrong and the one who
gathered these 12 people to make up the
jury that would finally bring about
justice so like why not kill him earlier
when there's not a famous detective
around luckily for them the script tells
Hercule to lights the police and tell
them that a lone stranger came on the
train and then dipped in order for all
of these people to finally have peace he
gets off the train in the middle of
nowhere and coincidentally finds a
messenger who pitches him the sequel to
this movie by offering a mapa case over
although besides learning that Hercule
is the greatest detective in the world
I'd say that this was a decent train
ride to go on and overall considering
that there was a murder on this Orient
Express it at least makes flying United
look a little less bad
thank you guys for checking out this
video I would say that the movie is a
solid rental and I would say that in the
beginning it has this really cool long
tick that's not better than atomic
blondes but it's so pretty cool
considering they did it in 65 millimeter
but other than that I'm curious to see
what other movies you guys want me to
explain and recap in minutes down in the
comments but until next time remember
mint
don't let your hammer pull you off